I want to mention we will be packing up
and taking off to Brooklyn New York next
month for our annual residency at the
Brooklyn Academy of Music will be at BAM
from October 15th to the 19th if you
want tickets to see us you can get go to
Kimmel in Brooklyn calm the tickets are
free and anyone who lives anyone who
lives in New York or LA knows there's a
rivalry between the cities when it comes
to pretty much anything and it starts at
a young age so we decided to be fun to
ask kids in both cities who is funnier
kids in New York or kids in LA and it
wasn't just an opinion poll we made the
kids prove it - who do you think is
funnier kids in New York or LA LA how
come it's a fact he's funnier kids a New
Yorker kids in LA New York she's really
funny how come kids here are funnier I
know New York sense of humor yeah what
salad say to the refrigerator
what close the door I'm dressing could
you tell us a joke
yeah what's Beethoven's favorite um
fruit I don't know but onon our detox a
joke knock knock who's there
I mean banana banana in the toilet
[Music]
good let me tell you one yoke do you
know the guy who invented knock-knock he
won the Nobel get it cuz been in Nobel
on the door Nobel five in the cookie go
to the doctor what because we felt
crummy five dollar bill go to the prom
why not cuz it was hanging out with the
singles those are the Colts head to the
jacket what you sweater believe it did
you make that up yourself yes what do
you say way and had to stay indoors
don't let me out who's there
interrupting cow interrupting cow who
who's there interrupting cow interrupted
[Applause]
[Music]
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment